doc: Add allowlist pattern for `.nowignore` (#1615)
zeit/docs: pages/guides/prevent-uploading-sourcepaths-with-nowignore.mdx

  An example <InlineCode>.nowignore</InlineCode> file.
</Caption>

> ## Whitelisting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Allowlist
```

> For a project with a lot of files and subfolders you can use a reverse approach to blacklisting/ignoring files.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A typical `.nowignore` file assumes all files are allowed and each entry is a pattern to ignore. Alternatively, you may chose to ignore all files and each entry is a pattern to allow.
```

> What is known as "whitelisting" first ignores all folders and files and then allows you to specify content you want to include.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step is to add a wildcard `*` as the first line in `.nowignore`. This will ensure all files are ignored. The following lines must start with a `!` to invert the ignore action and ensure the file is allowed.
```

Author: So now that we have the `*` vs `/*` solved, how do you suggest to re-phrase this?

> The first step is to add a wildcard `/*` as the first line in `.nowignore`. This will ensure all folders and files in the project root are ignored. The following lines must start with a `!` to invert the ignore action and ensure the folder or file is allowed.

Reviewer: Yep, updated 👍

Author: Should we make this more clear?
"ensure the **folder or** file is allowed."

Reviewer: Ok good idea. I also used directory instead of folder 👍

```

> # Ignore everything (folders and files) on root only

Reviewer: Why root only? Seems like a better example is to start with `*` and ignore everything.

Author: The problem with `*` is that its too broad and by that makes inversion much more verbose. It will ignore everything, including nested folders and files.
Using `/*` instead will ignore root level items only. Then when you un-ignore root level items, their contents will be unignored as well without a further directive.

These both notations achieve the same result:

```
*
!api
!api/**
!public
!public/**
```

- vs -

```
/*
!api
!public
```

Reviewer: @pke That makes sense. Thanks for explaining 👍

/*

> !api

Reviewer: You'll need to add `!api/**` as well as seen here: https://github.com/zeit/now/issues/1717#issuecomment-486362153

Author: Not when you use `/*`. That's only necessary when you start with `*` which I deliberately didn't do.
Please see next comment below.

!now.json
!*.html
```

<Caption>

>   An example <InlineCode>.nowignore</InlineCode> file for whitelisting the required files for a configuration-less zeit.now project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An example <InlineCode>.nowignore</InlineCode> file using the "allowlist" pattern.
```
